I am currently a working mom who is 9.5 months into breast feeding.  Issues I have:

I have a limited wardrobe because I have to be able to get the funnels on my boobs.  So I have to have stretchy tops on dresses, or I have to hike my dress up to my chest level to pump.

I have to have access to both a place to sit and a power outlet that are near each other.  And a place to put my pump.  And a place to put the bottles as I clean the stuff.  And a place to CLEAN it - if no sink, then I have wipes which I hope is healthy for my baby as it doesn't get washed off.

Once a week I steam the parts in a microwave bag.  Only a few parts at a time I then have to wait to cool to switch out parts, which takes time.

My god the mold problem!  tiny tubes that you can't clean inside.  I now know I have to then run my pump the full time I'm cleaning in order to remove most of the moisture.

My entire process of leaving my cube to walk to a place to pump, to pump and clean and walk back takes at least a half hour....if my boobs cooperate and let down.

I have to fight for space in my office fridge.

I have to have double of things so that I can drop my freezer pack/bag at the day care and have one for the next day.  Switching back and forth.  And more than I have the same freezer bag so we have to label stuff.   And don't get me started on easy labeling.  My day care doesn't require dates/times on it because I pump and drop off that day's milk for tomorrow.  BUT some do require this and how do you do this?  Wipe markers can smear.  A new piece of scotch tape every time?

What do I want?  A solution that works no matter what I'm wearing and whatever bra I'm wearing.  Something that can pump and clean in a 15 min break so I don't have to stay even longer at work.  Something were the when I take it off it doesn't drip a little milk on my cloths or the couch.  Something that is not going to mold quickly and force me to buy new parts.  Ideally something I would feel comfortable using at my desk - hands (yes, I know medela has a hands free/freestyle system, but I need a heavy duty one) and door free, though maybe a small part of me likes having the break!  But I know way too many mothers that feel pressured at work to go to meetings and push their pump times a little to accommodate deadlines.  Something that if I'm nursing I can easily collect the extra milk leaking from the other boob (I have a Milkies milk saver, but the design is not uber great.  I often forget I have it and lean forward and spill all the milk out).  So for work, it needs to be relatively quiet.  To have an easy system to get the milk to and from day care (or home, or from a trip away on a plane) even if other mother's bought the same supplies.  Also, I have TWO pumps.  One for work and one at home, just in case (a friend gave me hers), AND a hand pump for super extra just in case if I don't think I'll be able to find an outlet.

Oh yeah, travel.  I did like that I could have milk bags hooked up instead of bottles so there was one less thing to clean as the baby wouldn't get that milk the next day.  I actually use them now on Fridays so as soon as I get home I can freeze the milk...though those bags never freeze flat, which makes storage a PAIN, but of all my issues, that's lower on the list.  I bought a tower to hold the sleeves that is helpful.  The poor man's way of using ziplock bags was not ideal for me.

To have a converter for the pump to use other bottles as my baby didn't like the medela nipples but rather that nuk's.  So I pump into medela bottles, then transfer into the nuk bottles. Extra to clean and another possible step to spill.  Also, I had to get funnels for bigger nipples which I wouldn't have known I needed until I read a forum about the pain I was having.  I also was someone who often got clogged milk ducs, so all sorts of breast health needs to be considered.

You definitely have your work cut out for you!