Make it quieter or a more pleasant sounding. I hate how when I turn up my Medela pump for stronger suction, it starts to get this pitiful sound, like "can. not. possibly. go. faster"... it always psychologically makes me feel like the pump isn't working and that I'll have trouble providing enough milk for my baby. Also, I'm a graduate student and if the pump were quiet I could use it in my carrel and not have to run around like a chicken with my head cut off looking for lactation rooms.

Make the process work more like a baby's mouth, which uses movement in addition to sucking. That little chin is firm and effective.

Use a more gentle feeling material for flanges... silicone something?

For gosh sakes, please make it hands free! 

Rather than getting milk from both boobs at once, make a setting so you could do right, then left while leaving everything attached and hands free. I find it over-stimulating and uncomfortable to pump from both breasts at once... my baby doesn't do that. But it would be nice not to have to stop and switch boobs, but just to have a setting that i can turn on. 

I caution against too much measurement/data capacity. It is very psychologically stressful to know how much or how little milk you are producing. When baby nurses, you don't really know, they get what they need and make up for low production times on their own by nursing more. But with the pump, you see when you are havign a low supply day or are on your period. This can be very upsetting and discouraging. Yeah, we'll see the milk, but I odn't think all users will want a pump that has too many data-driven bells and whistles. I can see why that would be great for hospitals and stuff, but not for everyday use. 

Make it look and feel more like a baby. If the design could be less industrial and maybe more cute? round like a boob or baby bottom? Something that says, mommy making yummy milk for sweet little baby rather than cold, impersonal machine. 

one more thing about the sound issue... I made audio recordings of my baby right before nursing to help stimulate let-down, but they are useless because I can't hear them over the machine. being able to add music or recordings, an LCD screen with pictures... something that could be part of your nursing routine and facilitate let down would be awesome. 

THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!! The first time I used a breastpump I thought, "You have got to be kidding me! This technology is so out-dated and unfriendly to women's bodies." You rock!