First of all, KUDOS to you all.

Second, an idea for breast pump improvement: put the collection bottle near the motor (via tubes), not on the breast! 

As milk collects in the bottle, the bottle gets heavier and heavier and fills up. The bottle is bulky, and you have to have two of them- so you definitely can't wear a shirt over it. It also becomes more likely to spill, slop, and interfere with the little flap-thing at the top of the bottle as they fill up. For someone like me who had small breasts but a very big supply, this was a really huge problem. It makes the breast flange press and shift and spontaneously "pop off" (making a MESS), your bra/pants/clothing get splattered if you overfill the bottle before noticing the problem, it necessitates swapping out multiple bottles per breast in a single session (which is wasteful in time, effort, and space).

Instead the milk should go through collection tubes with a little bit of negative air pressure and get sucked into a separate refrigerated bottle housed next to (or near) the pumping motor. As the milk is pulled through the line into the new (imaginary) storage bottle, it could even be flash-cooled still in the tubing to lower the chance of bacterial growth. This would fix the weight-of-bottle issue, the overfilled bottle issue, the mess issue, the interfered flap issue, and the "can't wear clothing while pumping" issue because it would make the profile of the parts on the breast so much more streamlined. It would also almost solve the problem of allowing for pumping lying down because the negative air pressure in the tube would greatly aid the gravity problem (although the lying down thing would still have other kinks to solve).

This adds more tubes and more washing, so that's a downside. Not sure how to conquer that part. I leave it to your hack-a-thoners. Good luck. I hope this suggestion is helpful. I know I would have LOVED this sort of system for pumping for both of my kids. It would have been a million times cleaner and better to have pre-cooled collection bottles instead of 4 partially filled little warm sticky bottles, and a wet bra, to deal with.