Hello,
I normally am not one to email but saw this and was really inspired. I work in the university setting as well and hopefully this helps. If not it's more an airing of grievances against a device that annoys me yet is essential to my daughters health and my own as well.

 Pumping helps me with my working mommy guilt; even though I can't be with her all the time I am thinking of her and doing the best thing I can for her.  However, it is a huge inconvenience. The first try I attempted it I cried, a lot. There are so many parts! I feel like I needed an engineering degree to put it together. With all the phalangees, tubes, and whatchyamacallits, I'm exhausted before I start. Some days I set up/clean up is longer than the act itself. I'm a track coach so I've timed it and it's true! Almost doesn't seem worth it.

Now once I've got this gizmo ready to go, I then basically have to completely undress. Why you may ask? Because unless you want to hold those pumps there the entire time, increasing the high chances of milk dripping out then you have to put in a ridiculous hands free bra. And what women honestly wears her hands free bra? It's not practical and I don't know what shirt it would actually not look completely ridiculous under.

Now after set up, disrobing, and pumping finally there is the whole clean up issue. As a working mom, I travel a bit so the idea if washing parts right after pumping is next to impossible. Yes there are the antibacterial wipes but you still have to wipe down all those parts after every and what a waste for the environment. Maybe I'm being dramatic but it's just another list to the whole process.

FINALLY, the end of the day sterilization process.  I am so thankful I have an amazing hubby that empties all the liquid gold each night and boils all the parts for me. I know however I am probably in the minority.  But how many women seriously have the energy after a full day of work, that now starts at 5 to stay awake to boil everything.

In summary:
1 less parts.  Less IS more in this case. The fact that I now have 3 bags every day out the door is cumbersome. (Diaper bag, pump bag, and briefcase)
2. Discreetness. Can I not completely get topless each time I need to pump.
3. Less parts hopefully equals shorter easier cleanup.

As I feed my daughter this is what comes to mind off the top. Thank you for embarking on this noble cause. God speed!