Hi, 

I saw your article because one of my parent friends shared it on Facebook: https://medium.com/@medialab/the-media-lab-make-the-breast-pump-not-suck-hackathon-513fad8bc451

What a great idea for a “hackathon!” 

I noticed the “do you have an idea” line so I decided I’d weigh in my personal opinion on the matter, as a former and current lactating mother. 

I have a medela freestyle (used with both children; 20 mo total of use and counting, 4ish yrs of total life). I love it because it is tiny and has a battery pack, so it’s much more portable than most pumps (in fact it’s meant to be operated on battery power all the time). I feel like it can be used anywhere/anytime, and I’ve definitely pushed the limits on that before (have used it on the plane and on a train next to strangers, with a cover; also while driving a few times.) 

My biggest problem with pumping is that you have to carve out private time from your day in order to do it. It needs to be private because of the social issue—people are weird about pumping and breastfeeding in this society. I am at the point that I will breastfeed anywhere/anytime in any company, but I know that people are even worse about pumping and you just can’t do it in front of anyone other than maybe very close family/friends, and fellow mom co-workers. Even with a cover, people know what you’re doing and the sound is distracting. 

So, my ideal pump would be quieter and as discreet as possible, so that yes, you could really do it totally in public without most people even knowing, and without it bothering those who did notice. Then you could do it at work, for the majority of jobs, with nothing more than a very brief bathroom break to set-up and take-down parts. 

I’m a professor, so my schedule is great compared to most for pumping, but not perfect. I don’t have to be able to pump while teaching, but if I could do it while in a meeting, that would be awesome. This semester I missed a lot of pumping sessions because I had sometimes had meetings on the days I had class beforehand and afterward, which amounted to a 9:30am-4pm uninterrupted block of busy time, except for two 10-min segments. 

Personally I don’t mind the medical aspect of it, or some of the other things mentioned in the article. But I DO think women ought to be informed as much as possible (e.g. adjustable flanges), and hands-free bras should be included with every pump. You just can’t pump without one. Also easy-to-clean, non-bulky parts are a huge plus. The freestyle is pretty good in that regard, but it would be better if I had even less to carry back and forth from work. 