Hi!

I'm a new mom and LOVE your idea to build a better breastpump! My little guy is 3 months old and has a heart condition that makes it too hard for him to breastfeed, so instead I pump all my milk and bottlefeed him instead. So I have gotten VERY familiar with the pump over the last three months - pumping 4-5 hours a day, every day!

I realize I'm in a somewhat unique situation, because usually moms are away from their babies when pumping (either the mom is at work and just pumping once or twice a day, or the baby is so sick/so premature that he/she is still hospitalized and the mom can pump whenever). 

But for the group of moms out there who have to pump while home alone with their baby, the absolute WORST thing is when the baby starts crying and wants to be held. It takes a good 5-10 minutes to set up the pump, so you don't want to undo it. You try to put him over your shoulder, but that puts his head upside down or his feet too close to kicking the pump parts. You try your lap, but what the little guy really wants is body heat! So you are just miserable, sitting there, watching your little one cry with no good way to comfort him - and he needs the food you are pumping, so you can't put it off until later. Help us!

Also, as many lac consultants have probably told you, nothing empties your breast more efficiently than a baby. Why? I don't know - but I hope you can figure it out! Otherwise, clogged ducts become a regular feature of your life. (You can try various things to help the milk flow more easily - hot showers, warm compresses, more monounsaturated fats, advil, heck, people will even tell you alcohol - but see above paragraph for the amount of time you have to dedicate to setup. If you are pumping 8 times a day, how likely are you to do any of the above?)

Clogged ducts lead to the thing every mom dreads - mastitis. As an EPer, I'm currently on my 5th round of mastitis in 3 months! Not only is it sort of miserable to be sick, achy, fevery all the time - but again, it makes it hard to take care of your little one with any joy!

Finally, all moms would love to one day look like our old selves again - but having heavy bottles hanging from your breasts for 4-5 hours a day certainly accerlerates the effects of gravity! A hands-free bra that doesn't drag you down - now THAT would be amazing for both our breasts and our posture!

So, to sum up, please, please, please build a better breast pump. One that sucks efficiently, does not weigh down your breasts, and lets you move around - or at least hold your little one - while pumping. Lots and lots of moms, especially those of us who have to exclusively pump, will thank you forever.