Hi!
I loved your post about the breastpump hackathon. 

I feel really strongly about pumping (both positively and negatively), and am so excited you are working to make it better!

I exclusively pumped for my preemie, Liam, (11 weeks early) while he was in the NICU for 2 months (and then for a month after that, until we ultimately transitioned to exclusive nursing).

I have a couple of thoughts--
1) When pumping for my baby that I hadn't even yet briefly held until after my own discharge from the hospital, I needed something to snuggle while pumping. I ended up snuggling a microwaveable hot pack wrapped in my son's incubator flannel (so it smelled like him-- that's actually supposed to help with milk production). I kept half-joking that the pump should be inside a warm, weighted, scented baby doll.

2) I love your idea of data collection, and I think it could hugely benefit the mother herself, not just research. For one, measuring milk makes us anxious, but I charted my pumping output and it really helped me. When my milk first came in I was pumping ~70mL per day, and by Week 6 I was pumping 600mL per day, but had I not been charting I would have lost hope because I regularly had 3-day trends of a dropping output. It was good I could see the big picture! I am now working with my NICU to, among other things, provide this sort of charting for their patients' mothers, but it pushes a lot of work onto the nurses.

You can see my chart on my website. I made this page to help other preemie moms-- it's REALLY difficult to exclusively pump and even harder to transition to exclusively nursing (which depends a lot on pumping) a preemie. I am working on formalizing this (e.g. adding citations) to make it more presentable:
https://sites.google.com/site/knzimmerman/professional/publichealth

Finally, I wrote a limerick about pumping (a joke, in response to someone who asked if anyone knew anything about the Limerick breastpump), thought you'd enjoy (the good people at Limerick did not): 

There once was a pump from Nantucket
That pumped out milk by the bucket
It left the breasts sore
And there was always more
For it was weaker than a baby could suck it.