I just read the article about your group innovating in the arena of breast pumps. As a mom of twin babies who had a 6 week stay in the NICU, I think I have a unique perspective. So, for the the first 6 weeks of my babies's lives I pumped at least 8 times a day around the clock. I started with a medical grade rental pump and switched to a basic pump once they got home. All pumps should be as efficient & powerful as the medicl grade one! Also, twin moms who breastfeed are big pumpers as a group, so I've read quite a bit of others through fb groups & blogs.
You already mentioned several innovations that would have helped me tons! Namely, the idea of hands free bras coming standard, along with vivid picture-based instructions & trouble-shooting. A longer power cord and pump cords would have been great - even better would be if they were retractable so they wouldn't touch the ground either. These are great ideas!
Some other things that would have helped include: some kind of automatic tracking of my output (I logged this on apps but never found the right one for me), a breast pump parts sterilizer - just like a bottle sterilizer but specific for these parts - I used medela microwave bags which were handy IF there was a microwave close. In my ideal world, there would be a sensor that would tell me when I'm pumping that I've gone beyond what my breast would normally produce and I'm now creating a higher demand. In order to produce enough for both babies, I had trouble knowing when I was taxing my body unduly or when I was doing just that little extra I needed to do to increase supply. I also think a sensor to tell you when you've transitioned from foremilk to hind milk would be handy. Speaking of milk types, in those first days I had to collect drops of colostrum in syringes before my milk came in. This was extremely difficult to do in the big 4 oz bottles. I chased around every crevice of my flanges and bottles to get even a drop. Some different collection bottles for colostrum,than for infant feeding, and maybe even bigger bottles for toddler feeding would be nice. I'd love it if the bottles I pumped into were also my storage, and bottles for feeding, so 6-8 sets of bottles would be ideal for twins with clearly labeled nipples that were slow flow.
Lastly, in my ideal world, breast pumps could be easily hidden so you could hang out in public if you want to, maybe making the parts flatter & wider, more breast shaped so it could hide against your chest under your shirt. This would be handy for moms who have to pump and bottle feed at the same time because the pump parts really get in your way!
Thanks for asking & happy creating!
Sucia Dhillon - Breastfeeding mom of 13 month twins