So excited to share ideas! Let me try to be brief! -Rethink the entire method of extracting milk. A baby doesn't extract milk using suction. Can we come up with a method that uses compression and extending the nipple like a baby does. If so, that could render a lot of the rest of these suggestions less important. -Make flanges out of a fleshy-material that isn't cold. Maybe sticky silicone that will mold to the shape of each individual boob. People can buy different sizes for smaller or larger boobs. And it would be great if these flanges/silicone adhesives could somehow apply massaging pressure. Although, if not, it would still be an improvement to have a soft flange so that we can massage with our hands while pumping. When I massage while pumping with my plastic flanges, I often lose the suction on my flange and ruin the pump's "latch". But if the flanges were soft and "sticky" and I could massage on top of them, that'd be great! -I use the Freemie collection cups now, and they are a HUGE improvement. If we could come up with a collection system that can be concealable like that, but actually concealable instead of making you look like Madonna. -It would be great to have specialized pumps since one pump probably can't do it all. One pump for concealment that is small, but the downside is it doesn't hold much, or something like that. And one pump that can pump while you lie down and the milk will drain to a reservoir and be chilled there, so that you can go to sleep and not worry about it. A timer on that pump would be great so that it shuts off after 20-30 minutes or something. But that pump would probably be huge, but that would be okay since you're lying down and not mobile. -It would be great to have suction/speed controls for each boob instead of them having to be the same. -A quieter pump. -Maybe if the pump parts that attached to the boobs could be made into a bra that you could wear all day that you just plug some tubes into when you have to pump, that would be great. I'll send more ideas along as they come to me. May the pumps we use now seem archaic to our daughters!!!