Dear Hackers, I can't understand why such an important device and its accessories are so impractical. I avoid pumping (when I would otherwise be quite motivated to pump regularly) because I'm a full-time working mom with two children and I can't stand all the parts, accessories, cleaning and limitations of pumping. I'm fortunate enough to live near my work so I come home from work 2x a day to feed my baby personally so I can have the closeness with my baby but ALSO just to avoid dealing with pumping altogether. Most working women don't have this benefit.

1) I WANT FEWER PARTS. Busy mothers (especially the working kind who are often the ones pumping because they are away from their baby or need to ramp up supply) don't have time to clean between 6-8 parts with hot soapy water after a breast pumping session. And any educated, attentive mom gets scared into thinking that these parts have to be extremely clean (borderline sterile) because breast milk is so spoil-able and prone to bacteria growth so a good cleaning is unavoidable. I often let used breast pump accessories sit in a bowl by the sink for days to avoid having to clean them.

2) I WANT THE FEWER PARTS TO FIT BETTER. I can't stand having to adjust the "flanges" around my areola and breast throughout the pumping session. Some strategy is always required to shift them around, re-constitute the suction or press on your own breast a different way to keep the milk flowing steadily. It's work. You can't completely check out and read or text or respond to work emails because you're stuck within 1 foot of the pump and need to re-adjust. And don't try to bend over to pick up your dropped iPhone lest you SPILL all of the hard-earned liquid gold you are working tirelessly to pump. Yes, there are "hands-free" pumping bustiers but no, they are not fool-proof. Major improvements or new design or new supplementary wearables could be created to improve the fit no matter breast size. And how about a no-backsplash, spill-proof receptacle? Sippy cups for toddlers are more sophisticated!

3) I WANT THE FEWER PARTS TO FIT BETTER AND BE EASIER TO CLEAN!
As expressed above, cleaning 6-8 parts per pumping session really kills the joy. It's impractical for busy moms, working moms, or basically anyone without the patience to scrub tiny parts with hot soapy water after you've already just devoted 15-30 minutes setting up and pumping to begin with. Most if not all of the breast pump accessories must be BPA-free by now, and I've got the microwave sterilizing bags - but seriously, I think there's room for innovation here (disposables, dishwasher safe, e-z clean bottles?) to help relieve the cleaning burden. 

4) I WANT THE FEWER PARTS THAT FIT BETTER AND ARE EASIER TO CLEAN - TO ALSO ALLOW MORE MOVEMENT AND FLEXIBILITY DURING PUMPING SESSION! 
Since you are connected to the breast pump by the "tubing", you can't go very far... let's say 1 to 1.5 feet at the most... and as described above, the breast pump accessories aren't spill-proof, so pumping moms are really STUCK. Most of us are pumping in a private space somewhere (bedroom, pumping room, bathroom, office with door shut) and mobility is too limited making "pumping session" productive for anything but well... trying to squeeze out between 1-5oz of milk. 

When will the day come when each pump has its own individual remote/motorized capacity (eliminating the tubing) so that hands-free pumping can become pump-free pumping?! Just imagine how much more free and productive moms could feel if you could move around during a pumping session to conduct other activities.

Good luck and thanks in advance for all of your hard work on behalf of nursing/pumping moms!
~Melissa D., in NYC