I just wanted to say that your hackathon has our entire office over here talking today, and we can’t wait to see the results! We modeled our new lactation room and policies after MIT’s, but we can’t seem to overcome the “ick” factor among many on our staff who don’t like seeing pumps being cleaned in the kitchen or breast milk being stored in the refrigerators. And, as a busy office, we’ve struggled to allow folks the time they need to do what can be a very time-consuming activity if you have a low-quality pump or the stress of work affects your letdown. Obviously that’s a more global cultural change than just the technology (or the experience) of pumping, but I think there are lots of ways that improving the efficiency and ease of pumping could help moms to feel less stressed about fitting it into the workday, while making it so that other staff barely notice the interruption.
 
My two cents: as a manager who interacts a lot with the public as well as high-level elected officials, I found it very challenging to dress myself formally while also being able to “disrobe” in order to pump quickly and without making a mess via spilled milk or cleaning the pump. I always felt like there are so many options for maternity wear, yet “nursing clothes” are often ill-suited to pumping, and so-called career clothes are very non-pumping friendly. There has to be a way to work new clothing construction, or fabric that’s easier to clean, into the attire options for professional women who need pump (aka, the type of people most likely to be in a position to breastfeed and pump in the first place). I spent a fortune drycleaning stuff after spilling milk, cleaner, or getting makeup on myself while trying to get dressed and undressed. Not to mention how awful it is to sit half naked in your office with nothing but a pumping bra on! I also found that the higher-end pumps really do require significant dissembling and hand washing in order to function at top speed, and there has GOT to be a better “quick clean” option out there than the filmy wipes or microwave steamers currently available. Better yet: a self-cleaning pump? If that existed, women could set it and forget it, and potentially fit in more pumping sessions during the day to keep up with their baby’s needs! Cleaning the darn thing was half the battle some days. 
Secondly, I wish the pumps could work quicker, and come with a lot more flange sizes, a bra/holder, extra bottles, etc. yes, your insurance may cover a pump, but (at least in my experience) it’s not likely to be the kind of fast double-expression one you see in the hospitals, and those accessories that are so essential to pumping success really do add up. I ended up shelling out almost $400 for a pump that could actually get me in and out of the lactation room in under an hour!
 
Final thought: I quit pumping when my child was 6 months old because I couldn’t handle the stress of it all, and also my supply was dropping too much after work demands made my letdown disappear. Also, nobody tells you how limiting nursing is on your ability to network and hobnob: if you need to pump or nurse your baby in the morning, at work, and before a 6:30 p.m. bedtime, you aren’t attending a lot of happy hours, networking events and other before- or after-work functions that keep your career alive. Nor is it very easy to pump when you travel for work, by air OR car, for numerous reasons.
Ultimately, no pumping technology can overcome the fact that our society pushes women back to work too early, with loads of supply-dropping stress about how costly childcare is, and until we fix that on the policy front, no pump is going to meaningfully change the landscape of what nursing mothers are up against. I applaud you for taking this on and being a leader! Can’t wait to see the outcome!!