Hi,

I'm an MIT alum, and I just read about your hackathon through Facebook.  I gave birth to my son last October.  He was a NICU baby, so I had to pump for the first 2 weeks of his life.  He got used to being bottlefed, so nursing never caught on for us, and I've been exclusively pumping ever since.  I spend about 2 hours a day pumping (I was probably spending closer to 3 hours a day pumping at the peak), and since my son is dairy intolerant, I will likely continue pumping for a while longer.  I've been working full-time since January, and I am fortunate to have my own office and a flexible schedule (and I'm also not afraid to pump in public places, including: an airport gate, in my airplane seat, while driving, at the drive-thru window, in the plaza of the Montserrat cathedral in Spain...).  But I really appreciate your effort to redesign the breast pump!

I'm sure you've thought of these issues already, but in case not, here are the things I really wish would be changed about the breastpump:
1. In the wintertime, it is very chilly to have to lift up your shirt to pump.

2. Similarly, I hate wearing my "hooter-hider apron" while pumping at the office -- it just gets in the way.  I wish there was a way for pumping to be more discreet without wearing that stupid apron. I've heard of the Freemie breast pump which supposedly is more discreet but haven't tried it.

3. It would be great if a pump could do breast compressions.  I'm so frustrated if, after 30 minutes of pumping,  I feel my breasts and notice they are still hard with milk.  I hate having to squeeze my breasts while I pump; it defeats the purpose of the "hands-free" bra -- couldn't the pump do some of that for me?

4. I was glad to see in your website that you are considering changing the flange material.  The rigid material makes it difficult to do breast compressions because squeezing the breast breaks the seal, which is both uncomfortable and sounds like a large fart.  Not very discreet.

5. At various stages of my son's first year, I've found the inability to hold him while pumping really annoying.  The stupid horns get in the way.  When he was very young, this meant that the only time I could pump was when he was sleeping, which meant that I never slept.  It would be nice to be able to feed the baby, for instance, while you're pumping (and also not lose time that you could be bonding with your baby.)

6. Similarly, now that my son is older and moving around, I find myself sometimes having to chase him with the horns attached to my breasts -- inevitably, the milk leaks out of the ventilation holes. That bugs me.

I'm sorry these are just complaints about the current products rather than creative ideas, but hopefully they are useful.

Thank you,