Hello! This is an amazing initiative!

My name is Caitlin Zaner. I am mom to Jason, a happy, breast-fed, 7-month-old little man. I am also a pediatrician, and if fact I just finished my pediatric residency at University of Maryland Medical Center (in Baltimore). I am currently working at UMMC as a chief resident and pediatric hospitalist. 

Due to the nature of residency training, I unfortunately did not have a very long maternity leave (about 6 weeks). I went back to work as a pumping mother, and one of my first rotations back after leave was in the PICU. This required 28hrs shifts...which translated into having to pump 7-8 times at work per shift, while multitasking (writing notes, working on the computer to place orders, review meds/imaging/labs/etc, phone calls...), on a time crunch (needing to get back to the unit ASAP), often in a gross call room (it was the nearest always-accessible place with some privacy and an outlet). 

I'm sure a lot of women have talked to you about the following issues, but I'm hoping my perspective can be somewhat helpful. Being residents, my pumping colleagues and I probably represent the extreme end of pumping-at-work. Please see below:

1) The amount of time it actually takes to leave the workspace, get set up in a pumpable location, PUMP, clean up and get back to work - approximately 25-30 solid minutes. We need faster, more efficient pumps.

2) Being stuck at an outlet - I have a Medela Free-style pump, and chose it after a lot of research. It has a battery pack that lasts for 4-5 pumps. On a long shift, I found myself stuck at an outlet while pumping, or figuring out how to discretely charge it on the unit. We need better batteries.

3) Inability to move an inch without breaking the seal/vaccuum. I have tried various hands-free bras/accessories. They are awful. I often end up needing to secure the hard, plastic pump flanges with my hands to keep the seal. If it moves or changes angle slightly then the seal breaks, leaking occurs, and readjustment is needed to get things going again. This is especially problematic in the second half of the pump session, when the weight of the milk in the filling bottles causes extra downward traction on the flanges. This downward traction is also just uncomfortable. We need better hands-free options and softer, flexible flanges.

4) The noise, as you know. 

5) I'm not sure if you have given a lot of thought into the milk storage systems, but they too need a total makeover. Most pump systems offer adapters to allow you to pump directly into storage bags (most are just glorified ZipLocks). The best system I've found is the Kiinde Twist, which allows you to pump into a screw-topped bag, which can be frozen, thawed, and directly placed into a bottle adapter. You never have to pour the milk into another bottle. I works pretty well, but could use some improvements as well. 


Hope this is helpful!

