I found your event through a breastfeeding support group that I belong to on Facebook.  I HATE pumping,  and I am interested to see what designs your team is able to come up with. 

I have an 11 month old son named Charlie. He has never had a drop of formula in his life. I am fortunate that I can stay at home with him,  But there are times when I have to be away so I do have a small stash of breastmilk in the freezer. 

I would love to have a large enough stash that I could donate milk through my local milk bank to mothers who are unable to nurse but here's the thing;  I hate my pump.  No,  seriously. . .I hate it. It sucks. 

I have a Medela Pump in Style double electric pump.  It's a popular brand,  and though expensive (I think mine was $300.00) it was covered by my health insurance (Thanks,  Obama!) The pump is contained in a black tote bag that is supposed to conceal that you are lugging around what is, in essence,  a miniature milking machine. 

So let's break it down.  Here's what I like about my pump:
1) I like the little mini cooler and ice pack that was included with the pump
2) um, that's about it.

Here's what I do not like about my pump:
1) Although it's nice that the pump is self-contained in a tote bag, it's bulky and heavy.  Also, the straps don't have enough of a fall. . .I am a larger woman and I don't feel comfortable carrying it around on my shoulder for long.

2) My pump only came with one size of flange.  Luckily,  they worked for me but I know plenty of women who had to spend even more money for different flanges.  Some of them needed two different sizes!  Flanges should be adjustable or made of a more form fitting material (more like silicone instead of hard plastic).

3)The pump does not suck hard enough.  I know it's supposed to imitate my baby by sucking fast at first and then slowing down,  but I have to keep hitting the "letdown" button the whole time because it's only in this mode that I can get any milk. 

4) The pump tubes and the power cord are too short. 

5) There's no car charger.  Most of the time,  I pump in my car just before going into whatever party our event we are attending.

6) the battery pack is nice. .. but the suction is even weaker than the wall plug and it takes a TON of batteries.  This should be rechargeable.

7) everything sticks off my chest by a good 6 inches.  I just feel that it calls attention ("HEY! CHECK ME OUT! I'M MILKING MYSELF!").

8) I would LOVE it if the pump were wireless.  If I could somehow put my son in his Onya baby carrier and pump the other side that would be fantastic. 

9) I would really like to not have to hunch over to pump.  It would be nice to be able to lay down to pump.  

10) All pumps should be closed systems so that we can pass them on to other moms safely.  We're told not to use someone else's pump. .. But what good is that?  We are going to have a lot of pumps sitting in city dumps.  Lots of Mommas re-use their friends pumps anyways,  despite the risk. 

11) There's a product on the market called Milk Savers.  They fit in your bra abd catch milk that leaks from the breast you are not feeding from.  Could this design be utilized when designing a new flange?  Just a possibility...


