Hello,

First of all I want to say how excited I am that this is happening. I have never heard of such a thing and a friend of my forwarded it on to me as she knew how much trouble I went through! I pumped exclusively for 10 months and have a few modifications I would like to contribute. 

First of all why isn't there a timer on these things?! Yeah it is great that everyone has a phone but when you are trying to take a business meeting and pump you forget to set the good old alarm. There needs to be a timer that keeps track of when you start and when you stop. 

Second of all why can't each breast be operated differently?! Sometimes one nipple is so wrecked that it cannot handle the pumping that the other one can but you want to ensure that the nipple stimulation is happening for both. Each breast is different therefore allow them to be treated separately if needed. My thought is there would be a setting that would keep them the same, so it helps for let downs and other things, butt for the occasions, that happen way more than once, there would be an option to operate each separately. That was probably the most painful part that I experienced. 

Third of all why the heck doesn't it come with the car adapter?! I pumped everyday to work for 10 months and that is a necessity! Charge more and provide the adapter so that we know we are getting what we NEED opposed to hoping you bought the right adapter on Amazon.

Fourth the sound. So I know sound was discussed on the website but for non working moms it is not a need, but for full time working moms that have to mute themselves over and over on conference calls the sound is just too much and every woman on the call knows what it is and men ask to go somewhere more quiet...

Please let me know if there is anything else I can provide. I am very excited that there is a conference for this. I am a graduate from the University of MN with an engineering degree and would love to provide anything else if I could. 

Thanks!