I just read an article regarding your work on improving the breastpump.  I think it's fabulous that new ideas are being looked into!  I recently returned to work, and while I'm grateful to have the option to pump so I don't need to resort to formula, there have been some frustrations.  Some of which, a pump won't be able to fix (i.e. needing to pump in the storage closet without a lock, and thereby needing to barricade the door), but other things I think could be improved with better breast pump design.  So here are some of the suggestions that, if feasible, I think would make pumping a better experience for me.

1) Redesign the whole motion for extracting breast milk.  Would it be possible to create a pump that mimic's a baby's mouth movements on the breast rather than feeling like I'm holding a vacuum cleaner up to my nipple?  In my head, something with soft plastic (Maybe with some sort of moistened/lubricated material?) and using a mechanism more similar to a massage chair to mimic the baby's tongue combined with the suction.

2) Rather than messing with those storage bottles at all, what if the milk was directly extracted through a tube that led to a storing tank?  This saves on parts to clean during the day, and lets storage bottles just be used for storing.  It also gets rid of the shifting milk from bottle to bottle to make sure you have two clean bottles for pumping next time.

3) Could some sort of a self-cleaning mechanism be added?  I have the privacy of a storage closet for pumping, but then I need to roam the halls with my breastpump gear to get to the teacher's lounge and clean it (The bathroom just seems so unsanitary!).  And of course, then I always hope there are no male coworkers in the room, as they tend to turn a little red in the face at any sign of pumping gear.

4) It would be great if a design could be created where you could pump, and cover yourself back up with your shirt... even if your typical shirt isn't a Pancho.  Like I said, storage closet, no lock... occasionally I've had people come in not realizing what it was in use for.  It'd be great if I could be completely covered so that even if they knew what I was doing, nothing would actually be seen.

5) Having the breastpump collect data and give feedback to moms about things like times of day she typically produces the most milk, and keeping track of how much she needs to pump in a day.  Perhaps allowing her to set a goal based on how much her baby is typically consuming while at daycare, and giving reminders of when to pump?

6) I want to second many of the ideas that were listed in the article such as longer cords (Or a cordless, rechargable system with good battery life), quieter motor, more customizable flanges, and hands free options without needing to buy additional gear. Especially in light of breastpumps being covered by insurance now, it would be nice to not need to spend lots of extra money on a hands-free bra, extra bottles, the appropriate flange, etc which are all nearly essential to pumping in the workplace.

I really appreciate what you're working on, and hope to see the latest and greatest breastpump out before my husband and I decide to have Baby #2!