Hi!  I'm a mom of two (3.5yo and 1.5yo), a lactation consultant and a computer engineer :).  Having pumped myself and also through helping moms who depend on a pump has brought up many shortcomings which could be addressed.  For example:

+ Many pumps are not constant enough in terms of the suction strength they provide.  Some pumps vary too much even within one pumping session without changing the setting at all (*cough* freemie pumps *cough*).
+ Some pumps are much more consistent but their price and controls can be daunting for moms who are over tired and many times unsure of the most optimal way to express milk (e.g. hospital grade pumps).
+ Cleaning and sterilization of the pump can be extremely difficult with so many moving parts.  Perhaps the use of a different anti-bacterial material could help.  Or designing the parts in a way that it is not necessary to disassemble so many little pieces in order to insure cleanliness.
+ For all moms but especially for those who suffer from Raynaud's/vasospasms, coming in contact with cold/stiff pumps parts can cause a delay on their milk ejection reflex and even pain.  Again, maybe a material which would either warm up quickly on contact with skin (can warm up before putting it on with hands maybe?) and that is flexible enough to provide a comfortable fit would be ideal.  There are some silicone cups available for the flanges but in some cases they create more trouble than they're worth.  Some create such a poor fit that the vacuum created is not good enough/breaks so easily that milk extraction is quite poor.
+ Getting out there, if you want to get fancy, something helpful would be being able to play sounds recorded from your baby or to display some baby pictures.  True you can do it with your phone but if you want a good relationship with your pump maybe having some flashiness like this, which softens the idea of a mechanical device milking your breasts, could be helpful.  Too many moms just hate their pumps and that again hinders MER (milk ejection reflex).
+ Some also would care about how loud the pump is.  I know many moms who pump in their cubes, who pump in airplanes or conference rooms during presentations when traveling.  Being able to do it as discreetly as possible would be amazing for them who are already going through such great lengths to maintain their supply.

I have so many more ideas but I am sure you already have a ton :).  Good luck with this idea and I hope that you come up with something amazing.  I was suspicious at the beginning since I am sure most students and professors at MIT have never had to use a breast pump.  Now I am hoping that the lack of experience will actually be helpful hehe.

Warmly,
  - Melisa Nunez (melisa@ilovebreastfeeding.com)