I am so excited to see that someone is finally dedicating some resources and thought to how the pumping experience can be improved for busy moms.  Thank you!!!

As a mom returning to work, pumping in the office throughout the day seemed unfathomable for several reasons, so I didn't do it.  I wish the barriers were less daunting, because I really wanted to continue giving my daughter breast milk after 6 months but wasn't able to adequately sustain my supply without pumping at work:

1) Privacy: i needed to basically take everything off from the waist up in order to assemble and don my pumping apparatus; not practical.  
It would have been great to have a set of flanges that suction completely but weren't rigid so that I could quickly slip them in and out of my bra/shirt.  Maybe made of silicone, like the nipple shields lansinoh sells for moms/babies struggling with latching issues?
The pumping bra I used (medela), couldn't be worn all the times.  I would have to take my shirt and bra off and put on my pumping bra.  Such a nuisance.  t would be great to have a normal pumping bra with "peep holes" through which the flanges could be connected (and held in place), but then also have the bra double as a fully functional t-shirt bra for daily wear.
I would have had to find a hide out every time I wanted to pump.  It would have been great if my pump was something small and silent I could wear around my waist when in use, like an insulin pump.  Combined with non-rigid flanges, ideally I could multi-task at my desk in the general office setting without feeling exposed, or like a cow/madonna hybrid.  
2) Time: It takes 25-30 minutes to complete a pumping session, including assembly, wardrobe change and cleanup.  That's a lot of time, if you're pumping multiple times during the work day. 
The only solution I see here is even more powerful pumps that can be optimized/customized to a woman's natural let down/release patterns.  Some women express more milk with longer, stronger pulsing, while others are better with shorter quicker pulses. I've heard on many occasions that the "industrial grade" pumps at hospitals put consumer market pumps to shame.  Why can't I buy one for my own extended use at home that is every bit as good as the one at the hospital, especially when I"m using it for months and months rather and a day or two? 

3) Mess/Clean Up:
Cleaning the parts thoroughly takes a lifetime and has to be done after every session.  What would be cool is if I could hook my pump up to the faucet, and have it steam itself clean after each use.  Sort of like a wet/dry vac!
Good luck, and if you have a prototype and are looking for a guinea pig...shoot me a line.  I would totally pilot one for you.  I'm expecting again in March 2015, so will be  back on the pumping train through August/September of next year, at least.