Would love it if they were small enough to be slipped into each bra cup! Bonus that we wouldn't look like Madonna from the 1980s while pumping. 

Make them quieter. I would love to be able to use the phone while pumping without worrying that the person on the other end will hear the suction err-eee-err-eee of the pump. 

Make setup/cleanup faster. I have to spend 1-2 minutes connecting all the parts and getting the special bra on before I can start pumping and then I have to disassemble and clean everything when I am done which takes another 3+ minutes. When you are trying to pump during your 15 minute break it is really hard to have enough time to pump out all your milk when 5 minutes gets eaten up by just prep or clean up (I recommend you try attaching and wearing (under your shirt) and then hand washing a breast pump if you haven't worn one before just to see how annoying the process can be when you have to do it over and over and over again during your workday). 

Make the parts of the breast pump easy to keep track of. Medela has breast pumps that require 6 parts for each beast (tubing, breast shield, valve, membranes for the valve, a bottle, bottle top). If you are missing ONE of these pieces, it's panic attack time since you won't be able to pump your milk or possibly take it home. Then there is the added benefit of the valve membranes being the size of a dime. It is so hard to boil clean the pump parts and then drain the pot without losing the tiny pieces of plastic that are required for the pump to work. Please fix this! I cannot tell you how annoying it is to keep track of them when you are sleep deprived!

Can we update the pump mechanism so that it can express more milk without making you feel like the suction is going to rip off your nipples? This is especially tough for new moms who have sore nipples. Sore nipples (from hormones) + suction - cute baby smiling at you = hell. 

I would love a program that could automatically keep track of when I pumped, for how long, and how much milk was expressed. Would be a nice bonus if the pump bag could also label/indicate the pump day/date on your milk bottle when you pumped it so you knew when it was expressed. 

The current pumps make me feel like a cow being milked. They are not discreet at all and you look ridiculous when you are wearing them. Can we make them look less like something from the femmbots and more like a normal medical device? Bonus if you can make them totally discreet. 
Did I say I would LOVE to be able to be able to pump without having to take a break? Maybe this means wearing them all day (if they are discreet). Think of the glucose pumps diabetics have so they don't have to keep giving themselves insulin. Why can't we do something like that with a breast pump so I can get my work done as quickly as possible and be able to use my 15 minute work breaks to do something else like eat or nap?

Portability! Even the "portable" pumps require you walk around your house by yourself with the blinds closed so that your neighbors don't see your ladies getting milked. Don't even get me started on the "hands free" pumps which require that you have a flat surface (think a table) to rest your pump bag on while you are attached to tubes that are about 2 feet long. Your hands may be free but you ain't going anywhere!

Every mommy has been in the situation where for some reason, she had to find a place to pump and in order to do so, she needs a clean place with a flat surface and a power outlet and some privacy. I have had to pump in my very own car in the parking lot and in a supply closet of a winery and in the managers room of another venue because my non-pumping colleagues did not think to find a venue that had a mother's room (note that bathrooms usually do not have outlets in stalls so you would have to pump with your ladies in full glory of every woman that walked into the restroom and let's be real, do you really want to put your pump bag on the floor of a public restroom? Nasty!). Can you redesign the pump so that there is easier for us to pump on the go? Note that some pumps have battery packs but these are not protected from the rest of the components in the bag. So you add cold milk bottles to the bag and the battery pack is not in a waterproof encasement = rotten/exploded batteries aka no power supply in an emergency). 

A bonus would be to have a cooling compartment in the breast pump bag so that your milk stays cold without you having to do much (or having to store your breastmilk in the same fridge all your coworkers leave their lunch in.  Talk about awkward!)