Hi,

I am a Registered Nurse, and working mom to 2 girls, now ages 8 and 11.  I had to work through 12 hour shifts, while still nursing both girls and it wasn’t easy!  Lack of privacy, a clean space to set the pump on, a chair to sit down on, and a table or shelf to hold the filled milk jars.  That was IF, you could get off the hospital floor to even pump.  I had days where I thought I was going to explode!  Missing pumping sessions drastically reduced my milk supply, and frustrated my daughter when she tried to nurse.  Worst of all, I thought working for a healthcare facility meant administration would intuitively know and understand that breastfeeding was best, and that accommodations would be made for returning moms.  How wrong I was to think this.

Fortunately, there were five staff members including one physician, returning from maternity leave at the same time, and we were all in the same boat.  Our voices were eventually heard, but for all of us, it was too late.  By the time changes were implemented ( a chair and a$50 shelf in one bathroom), my daughter was a year old, and no longer nursing.  I had left my job at the hospital in hopes a clinic position would be an easier go (it wasn’t!).  Companies are slow to respond to nursing moms, when it is either male leadership in the way, or female leadership who chose not have to nurse their infant, or have not yet experienced parenthood.  There is a lack of understanding, or an unwillingness to understand.  Presenting the statistics of how beneficial nursing is for a child, just does not seem to connect with business leaders.  Even when we presented the long term financial savings, and healthcare costs, it did not spark interest.  Business leaders are trained to think of the immediate bottom line.  The reality is, women need to work, and when job performance is questioned, they will give up breastfeeding before giving up their career.

Finding a solution to encourage breastfeeding will encompass a multifaceted approach, if it is to be successful.  I am excited to see engineers taking on this challenge.  If both hospital and  clinic administrations can’t see the benefits of ensuring returning moms are pumping, then we have a huge challenge on our hands. 

First of all, I am not an engineer, so redesigning the motor to make it quieter and the pump smaller is awesome, but not my area of expertise!  However, from experience, the breast cups would perform better if they were made from a thinner more flexible rubber/ plastic that covered the nipple, areola, and another 2-3 inches of breast (depending on your size).  One designer, if I recall correctly, added small bubbles on the cup to add more pressure points, like a massage effect.  The problem with that design, was that the bubbles were along the outer breast tissue area, not around the areola.  This is where the most stimulation must occur.   A much smaller ripple or bubble effect of the breast cup where it contacts the outer areola and nipple would be best.  In addition, I would encourage the development of a thinner pliable material that could remain on, with a connector to the tubing and pump below the nipple area, to limit the time it would take to set up.  This would require a material that could be worn against the breast tissue for longer periods.   One could simply attach the double channeled tubing (milk flow extraction and valved suction to pull milk into the receptacle), and start pumping.   Additional lighting on the pump itself, may help in poorly lit environments.

Challenges facing these design ideas are how to clean the tubing, materials to withstand multiple uses, overall sanitation issues, and suction control, and reducing skin friction around the nipple and areola.       

Although a more refined device is needed, one still needs a place to put it.  Just as there are baby change tables in the bathroom, can we create a pumping station?  A drop down chair, fold down table for the pump, cleansing wipes to keep the surfaces clean between uses, a private stall in the restroom.  Although not ideal, it may be a place to start, to begin to bring breastfeeding to the everyday, and help remove the mystery and shock value.  It may be easier to convince congress to insist upon breastfeeding amenities just as those for handicapped persons, if they can be easily incorporated into existing infrastructure. 

If a private stall were to be deemed acceptable, sanitary, and provide the necessary amenities, it should include:
enclosed and private, with a locking door, floor to ceiling walls
must be separated by a floor to ceiling wall from the nearest commode
supplied with sanitary wipes to ensure cleanliness between uses
a comfortable chair with wipe down surfaces
a tray table large enough to hold the pump
standard ground electrical outlet within 12” of the table
a second shelf or tray table to support the milk containers
good lighting
nonslip flooring
separate sink and hand towel/ hand dryer
mandatory posting of information on the benefits of breastfeeding, troubleshooting tips, and a hotline for assistance such as the local La Leche League or other organization that supports breastfeeding moms.

Although this is not an ideal scenario, again it is likely a solid first step.  Policy changes could start with encouragement of the Results Only Work Environment, beginning to take off in the IT industry.  This may lend to more flexibility for working moms.  In addition, encouraging companies to improve work retention strategies by offering more flex time for employees (rather then calling it maternity/paternity leave).   Challenges to this type  of approach are the schedules and work patterns of healthcare and retail employees.  These employees are not structured around flexible projects and meetings.  These staff must be present for the full shift.  Measures increasing flex time would have to prove cost effective, requiring foundational research.   Partnering with university economics departments may bring about positive results.   

A more excessive and radical approach could be a single walk off the job day, nationwide, where women demand once and for all equal pay, equal advancement opportunities, and proper facilities and time to breastfeed!  Consider, International Women’s Day is a national holiday in Kazakhstan, but not in the US? 

Nonetheless, thank you so much for allowing me to share my thoughts and ideas.  I wish you all complete success in this incredible endeavor.  I can only hope this work means our future generation of girls will receive far better treatment as working moms, when they are grown.   Please feel free to contact me for more information, or to elaborate on anything I have mentioned here. 