Hi-
I'm a mom of 2 little girls, aged 4 years & 8 months.  For both girls I chose to be an exclusive breast pumping mom.  Neither of my kids got the hang of breast feeding, so rather go through the frustration (theirs & mine!) I decided immediately that pumping was for me.  As long as they were being given breast milk, I didn't care about mechanism of delivery.  As an exclusive pumper & destroyer of not 1 but 2 breast pumps, I have a couple things that I think would help pumping moms out....

1. I'd like to see companies design & develop pumps & accessories with universal fittings, adapters etc. so that any pump can work with any baby bottle, fitting, connector, tubing or phalange etc. without having to restock yourself if something happens to your pump.  Recently my 2nd double electric pump died & I tried a manual pump for a bit & quickly realized I needed to have another pump.  I was stocked with supplies to fit my current pump so I could pump both at home & at work. I did not want to invest a lot to keep myself at my current production while I was waiting for the insurance company to come through with the new pump.  So I purchased a starter set for a "cheaper" brand. 1 set of everything did come with the new pump but I could use absolutely nothing not 1 single item, that I already owned.  The diaphragms on the new are external on top of the connectors that have an odd size fitting to fit bottles that have same odd size opening.  And these bottles are $8.00 per 8 oz. bottle.  I couldn't even use my power cord & vacuum tubing to leave some items at work.

2. I produce 7-9 oz of milk per breast, per session, 3x a day.  The little 5 oz bottles that came with the pump were not enough.  So bigger bottles in the starter packs.

3. A way to pump directly into storage bags so that the bags are still closed.  Not unopened, but somehow protected from spilling or falling off if.

4. A way to repair/replace motors or working parts on personal pumps.

5. Design them for use with disposable in-line filters or other barrier that prevents the possibility if milk entering the pump so they can be safely repaired.

I hope that your team finds success in your endeavors.  This is a wonderful opportunity to support breast feeding women.  I thank you for taking the time to consider these suggestions, and those of other moms that you've received.

Good luck!