Just wanted to give my experience as a pumping mom. I have 2 kids. I went back to work after 12 weeks. I pumped until each of my children were one year old. I was fortunate to have a relatively easy experience pumping (in the I had an ok let down reflex and I was able to find the time, space, and refrigeration necessary for pumping).

I bought the Medela hands free pump, which at the time I felt was a little extravagant since it's one of the most expensive on the market. For the years that I've gotten out of it I'm really glad I spent the extra $50 or $70. 

some feedback I would like to give regarding the design. It is a hands free device however the motor is still fairly heavy which makes it difficult to move around in. It would have been nice to have it design so it could fit in a pocket or be slightly lighter.I like the rechargeable battery. I was fine with that. There was an attachment that you could put on the bottles and on your bra and then an additional attachment to actually hold the bottles to your body and not have to use your hands to hold them. I will say I really hardly ever used that because it didn't work very well and it was cumbersome. The manual will tell you basically that you can use it so that you have her hands free to read a book or something.realistically I need my hands free to cook to fold laundry or to manage my own children. The device was not conducive to any kind of real movement. That was disappointing.
 
this particular pump has breast shields that are softer than the regular Medela breast shields. I found that these breasth shields worked for me for extracting milk and were more comfortable. I have read online reviews that indicate other people do not feel the same way.for me they work better than the more rigid hard plastic ones.

the plastic bags for long storage are a nightmare. It is hard to make sure that you're filling it to the right capacity and then when you actually freeze it you have to freeze it straight up and down if you lay it on its side at times it will cause a problem in the freezing. Even if you do everything right you can still thaw out the milk and there's some kind of leak. for example if the plastic touches another item in the freezer and when you pull it away causes a small tear that you wouldn't notice until the milk thaws and it starts leaking. This is even worse when you thaw it in warm water and then all the milk is contaminated. If you thaw it in your refrigerator inside a bowl or something plastic to catch any leaked milk then you can save some of the milk. so the issue with this is if you have a babysitter or nanny or daycare who is thawing frozen milk for the baby and then can't use it because of some freezing issue and bags you know your baby doesn't have any food which is super devastating  as a mom of an infant.

in addition to those issues, it is a pain to freeze and store little baggies of milk straight up and down not touching anything. This starts to take over your freezer.

it is also a bit cumbersome to actually use the bags when you are pumping. So some bags you pump in a bottle and then transfer from the bottle into a bag. Other ones you take an attachment and hook up a bag onto the attachments and pump directly into the bag.

so the ones that are from the bottle to the bag for the most part I'm fine. It's just another step and I don't understand why it can't be more seamless and of course a better design rather than having literally a bottle hanging off your two breasts or a bag hanging off your breasts why can't it attach to a tube and go to a more discreet location. The Baggies that are attached directly,  I like that it's pumping directly into them. There are couple issues though. So the bags hold five ounces but typically you're not pumping a full 5 ounces. For me I try to get the 5 ounces every time so I'm not buying more and more bags and again the whole issue with freezing and making sure that I have enough room in my freezer for all of it.
the design is such that getting the bag on the attachments and off the attachment is a little tricky. Getting it on is fine but getting it off can become a problem because you have the milk in there and you don't want to spill it out. In addition to that you have to close the bag and you have to empty all the air out of the bag so that it freezes properly. Some of them have double seals to make it secure. All of it is cumbersome and stressful and you never know if you're doing it right. And it doesn't make sense. 

so that's nice feedback. I hope that you guys do come up with a better design. It's too bad it couldn't have happened before I had kids!

Thanks for your work.