Include all breast shield sizes or make ones that are adjustable.  Please design a pump that is never painful.  It is a crime that current pumps only come with a couple of breast shields/flanges, and a mom has to go out and buy bigger breast shields/flanges if needed.  Some moms don't know that bigger ones exist and stop pumping b/c it hurts.  Pumping with a too small shield is painful and reduces the amount of milk pumped.  Ideally the breast shield/flange that touches the breast would be ADJUSTABLE.  

It would be awesome if pumps had a computer/device that has a video option so that moms can watch videos of 1) how to hand express 2) tips for pumping 3) videos of baby nursing to get oxytocin going during pumping which increases milk pumped and 4) any video mom uploads.  

A huge problem with current pumps is the THIN, delicate, white membranes that get tiny holes and tears . . . a woman's pumping output goes WAY down and many moms don't realize it is because the membrane is damaged!  They think (incorrectly) that their supply is decreasing and it becomes super stressful.  It is very hard on women when any part of the pump can mysteriously stop working and cause the pump to not work as well b/c if the mom doesn't realize it is the pump that is the problem, she (incorrectly) blames herself!  

Also, current pump motors wear out, and moms don't realize that the pump motor is the issue (not their milk supply).  Some moms don't take breastfeeding classes and think they have a milk production problem in the first few days because they don't know that women are supposed to make small amounts of colostrum in the first few days after birth.  There are so many "booby traps" for women that make them blame themselves or incorrectly think they have a supply issue when in reality everything is normal and there is just a lack of knowledge or a problem with the pump.  

It would also be awesome if pumps could play music, access the internet, take and store photo and video, and do anything else to help mom to relax and let the oxytocin to flow so more milk is removed from the breasts.  

It would be wonderful if the pump could be mobile so that moms could get up and walk around while pumping.  It would be awesome if pumps could be silent, hand free, and mobile.  

Information about paced bottle feeding on/in the pump computer would also be helpful.  One big booby trap for moms is that caregivers tend to overfeed pumped milk to the baby, and then they tell the mom that she is not pumping enough milk when in reality she is pumping plenty of milk.  It is very easy to overfeed a baby with a bottle, especially if the baby is lying down and has no choice but to suck and swallow the fast flow from the bottle.  Paced bottle feeding is a helpful solution b/c it puts the baby more in control of how much milk to actually drink.  Paced bottle feeding is when the baby is sitting up and the bottle is horizontal (parallel with the flow) so the flow of the bottle is not fast or overwhelming for the baby.  With breastfeeding, babies get to decide how much to drink and when to stop.  Babies don't have this choice if they are flat on their back and the adult won't remove the bottle.  Paced bottle feeding gives the baby more control over how much he eats so he can stop when he is full.  Here is a link with more information about paced bottle feeding: http://www.nancymohrbacher.com/blog/tag/caregiver-info

It is important to note that "cold" pumping when moms are stressed and cortisol is in their blood REDUCES the amount of milk pumped and "warm" pumping when moms are relaxed and have oxytocin in their blood INCREASES the amount of milk pumped. Everything about the pump should help the mom to relax and think about nursing her child.  There is a mind-body connection with breastfeeding and pumping, and moms will pump a lot more if they are happy, relaxed, and thinking about their precious baby/toddler.  

Positive affirmations would be a nice option on the pump.  Breastfeeding and pumping are a commitment and a sacrifice, and anything that is encouraging and empowering  and relaxing would be a nice option.  

It would also be nice if you could pump one side conveniently while nursing the other side.  It would also be nice if the suction levels could be different for the two different breasts.

I highly recommend two current breastfeeding documentaries to the wonderful professionals working on the Hackathon!  The Milky Way Movie http://milkywayfoundation.org and Breastmilk the Movie http://breastmilkthemovie.com are both excellent and show that American culture needs to change to support moms who want to breastfeed.  Both films would give the experts at the Hackathon really important background information about the obstacles that moms face.

NO MENTION of cows.  I realize this seems silly, but many women say they feel like cows when they pump.  ALL mammal mothers make milk for their babies (not just cows).  Anything you can do to reinforce the fact that pumping is worth it, smart, positive etc. would be great.  Please make the pump beautiful, small, silent, elegant, and easy to transport.  Please design it so that you can pump hands free and you can walk around or dive a car or do things around the house while you pump.  