Thank you so much for working on this problem!  I am a mother who's newborn was unable to latch.  This forced me to pump up to 12 times per day to keep my supply and feed him properly.  This meant I pumped, then bottle fed my baby every 2 hours. Now two months in and he's learning to breastfeed so I nurse for 30 minutes, pump for 45 then give him a bottle so he gets enough food (he's not good enough at nursing yet). As you can imagine this is quite a time commitment.

So keep in mind, I have a newborn and I'm a stay at home mom pumping 10-12 x per day.  During my pump sessions I can't hold my baby or tend to him because the stupid pump is all sorts of in the way!!!  I might as well be a working mom since I'm hooked up like a dairy cow 8 hours a day! (Sorry for the rant)

So here are my suggestions to make the awful outdated pump technology better:

1. Child Care:  Not all pumpers are working moms.  Many of us pump for a variety of reasons and we need to be able to tend to our babies while pumping. Portability, comfort and less obtrusive gear would be a big help.  I can imagine a backpack type battery operated pump with cups that fit into a bra and a milk reservoir that is soft like a camelback bag or maybe on the side or at the back.  the point being that I can hold my baby or change his diaper or even feed him a bottle WHILE pumping.

2. Feel: It would help a lot to have a pump that actually feels like a mouth sucking and not a Hoover.  I know this may be odd to say but there are male sexual toys that mimic a mouth moving. Why can't the pump?  The peristaltic motion of the baby's tongue is part of what activates let down.  The flanges should conform to the breast.  The hard plastic flange comes in a few sizes but women come in a lot more sizes than that.

3.  Aesthetics: does it need to be hideously ugly?  Discrete, quiet and elegant.  More Ikea and Apple, less Kids-R-Us.  This thing is out in my house and it should look like it belongs there.

4. Cost:  this is a tough one but most moms are forced to rent a very pricy pump (Madela symphony) from the hospital to get one that's half decent.  I want a version I can own that works just as well.

5. Cleaning:  I know you guys are already thinking about this one but its a huge pain especially when traveling. An easy way to clean pump parts with, say a water bottle, when on the road would be a big help.

6. Scheduling and monitoring output:  I'd love if the pump kept track of how often and how much was pumped.  Or even how long I pumped for.  Keeping a separate log is an annoying chore.

7.  Heating & cooling:  many moms experience pain that can be soothed by hot or cool packs.  Why not have them built in?

8. Recline position: having to sit upright to pump is super irritating.  I can't lean forward because the bottles hit my knees.  I have about 5 degrees of movement before I'm leaning too far back to pump effectively or so far forward the tubing gets milk in it.

I hope some of these thought help.  I unfortunately live very far from MIT (I split my time between New Orleans and Houston) otherwise i'd absolutely attend your hackathon. Let me know if there is ANY other way I can help.

Cheers and best of luck!