Dear organizers,

THANK YOU so much for taking on this challenge! My colleagues and I at Baby Buggy thought this was some of the best news we’ve heard all week.
 
Baby Buggy was founded in 2001 to provide critical essentials- like cribs, car seats and coats- to families in need.  By tying donations to parental/family enrollment in strong anti-poverty programs like Nurse-Family Partnership or Early Head Start, we can provide for the immediate needs of a child while her/his parents get the tools they need to build the family’s self-sufficiency over the long term.
 
Since I started with the organization in 2008, we have seen breast pumps jump from number 10 to number 5 to number 3 on our critical gear request list.  Unfortunately, unlike strollers or highchairs, we can accept used breast pumps.  That means we either have to purchase them, or convince companies like Medela to donate them (we have been quite unsuccessful with the latter).  As we are using funds to purchase, we usually have to go with the manual pumps.  As a working mom, I can tell you that I NEVER would have breastfeed my sons if I didn’t have the ability to purchase an electric pump.  Pumping in a bathroom with my Medela was not fun, but it was certainly more palatable than spending half an hour in a bathroom with a manual.
 
While the affordable care act has supposedly made pumps available, the reality is that moms have to front the cost for a $200 pump and wait to get reimbursed.  A mom working minimum wage already has to work 1.5 hours to purchase a pack of diapers; she is certainly not capable of fronting $200 for a pump. And WIC will only provide pumps to full-time working moms or students. That means that breast pumps, an essential item for feeding a baby, remains a luxury item for so many moms. 
 
Baby Buggy’s team is constantly frustrated by the lack of affordable breastpumps.  We have been able to find affordable car seats, strollers, etc, but not pumps.  We always say, if Warby Parker can make glasses cheap, why can’t someone do the same with breastpumps?  Many thanks to you and your team for taking up this cause.  We cannot wait to hear about the outcomes of your hackathon!