I saw a Facebook post about this, and the link I followed gave this email address to send ideas to improve the breastpump.  I exclusively breastfeed my three month old son and recently returned to work.  I will be relying on my pump to meet my goal (and the generally accepted medical advice) to breastfeed my child until he is a year old.  I have lots of complaints but few ideas on how to solve them - but I figure that is what all of you smart people are getting together for!  For your referene, I have a Hygeia Q (apparently only available to women who are getting their breast pump through their insurance), which I got in May of this year.  So in no particular order:
 
I saw a Facebook post from someone named Jessica Jackson Shortall who noted that the flanges stick straigh out from the body, requiring the user to lean forward to keep milk from collecting in the flange.  She's right.  There are several problems with this.  One is that milk leaks out from around the flange, sometimes splashing me in the face, sometimes getting on my clothes, and making a general mess.  Breastmilk is sticky, and when you're trying to work in an office/professional environment, you don't want big wet spots of breastmilk all over your clothes. 
 
Another problem with milk collecting in the flanges is that it's hard to see whether milk is still coming out of the breast.  There's milk swishing around and it's hard to tell where it's coming from.  Another thing that makes it hard to see whether milk is still coming out is that condensation forms inside the flanges and bottles, just generally making it hard to see what's going on.
 
A related problem to milk leaking out of the flanges is that I find I need to press them hard into my breast, both to stop milk from leaking out and just to maintain suction.  This can cause clogged ducts, which can lead to mastitis or worse.
 
As many people have probably noted, my pump is also very loud.  I don't want to pump in my office because the walls are thin and I don't really want people picturing what I'm doing in here when they hear the pump.  And when I do it at home, for some reason the sound is like nails on a chalkboard for my husband.
 
My pump uses something they refer to as "duckbills" in the flanges - milk goes through them into the bottle.  They seem really flimsy, and I'm assuming they don't work as well if torn.  I just read not to put anything into them, which makes me feel like I won't be able to get them really clean.  They're also tiny and easy to lose (I dropped one into my garbage disposal and had to fish it out and clean it the best I could, because I only had one pair).  It's also hard to find anyone who sells them.
 
Related to that story, sanitation is always a concern.  A thorough cleaning takes too long when you're trying to pump in the middle of a busy workday, and I just can't imagine that using the wipes created to clean them, or storing the parts in the fridge, is really a 100% sufficient way to make sure uneccessary bacteria isn't getting into the milk that could cause it to prematurely spoil.
 
An obvious problem that's come up throughout my comments above is just how long pumping takes. 
 
Another problem that just seems to be a basic assumption of pumping is that it won't empty the breast as thoroughly as the baby.  Again, one of the problems with this is that clogged ducts or reduced supply can result from a failure to thoroughly empty the breast.  My son drinks 4 ounce bottles, when I saw a lactation consultant we determined that he gets 4 ounces when he breastfeeds directly from me (just from one side), yet when I pump just one side, I can't get 4 ounces.
 
A problem that I experienced just yesterday is how easy it is to spill breastmilk while trying to detach from the pump and transfer to a storage container.  I was storing the milk directly in the bottles I was pumping into, but I noticed that the fat was collecting at the top and sticking to the side of the bottle.  That fat is important for the baby to get, and it was going to waste unless I poured the milk into a bag as soon as I was done pumping.  And yesterday, before I could close the bag, I knocked it over and spilled half the milk I had just spent so much time away from my desk to pump.
 
I also don't understand why there seems to be such a lack of interchangeability between different brands of pumps.  This makes the parts expensive and hard to find.
 
Finally, we have the issue of cost.  Luckily, I received my pump at no cost to me through my insurance.  But I recenlty spent $100 on spare parts.  And obviously someone is paying for these pumps.  The ones I see on sale at stores are $250 - $300.  Why do they have to cost so much?  Laptops, with all their computing technology, can run as little as $300.  It seems that something the size of a breastpump that doesn't have to add, spellcheck, search the internet, etc, and that's made of plastic, should cost less than a computer.
 
Thank you all for putting on this event and spending time thinking about this item that helps so many babies and moms!  While the event might not save the world, it will hopefully make life easier and a little healthier for lots of moms and babies.