Thus may be a repeat post as my device lost my original, maybe, before I sent (maybe). As a way of introduction: my dear friend and colleague, Chele Marmet, needs to be involved. Here's why. She conceptualized the profession of lactation over 35 years ago through La Leche League international. She published the first effective instructions on hand expression. She did the original research for Medela on double pumping, which I was involved with after I had my first child, over 34 years ago. 

I work at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, helping over 2,000 women a year with breastfeeding. I am an active Le Leche League leader, devoting on average 3-5 hours a week to help women who either cannot afford expensive help or have received advice that is not helpful and have no where else to go. 

In the early days of working with Chele, I met women who literally came for all over the world to have Chele work with them. She is a true innovator and she understands the heart of this matter like few ever can.

My favorite method of expressing milk (much nicer word than pumping) is hand expression, as it is free, easy, does not require anything other than great instruction, your hands, a container (if baby cannot be at breast)  and a breast. 

Like any good skill, it takes practice. Chele is working on a video of her technique, which is often imitated but seldom shown correctly. Jane Morton, as someone already mentioned, has some of the technique on her video. 

After hand expression, my favorite pump is the pump attachments that come with the Lactina pump, using pumpin pal flanges, which are hands down, best on the market! They include the piston pump, which I teach in a way that is very effective, be I have found the breast gets tired of the same dance. So, mixing speed, frequency and throwing in some surprises (much like a good lover and exactly like what the baby does) elicits frequent MERs (milk ejection reflexes).

Finally, I have found electric pumps are much like make up or good (or really awful) high heals. I ran the pump trials at The Lactation Institute (Chele's clinic) for 2 1/2 years. We have data on the subject. Never published but I am working on my masters thesis which will do so.

Please contact me at hedi613@yahoo.com 

Kindly and with admiration (is is about time!),

Yocheved 'Hedi' Herrmann Blanton, BA, IBCLC 
Breastfed 4 children for over 16 years (last two breastfed for over 6 each)
La Leche League Leader since 1984