I think this is a GREAT topic!  I’ve been exclusively pumping since around the 3 month mark and my son will be 1 year in less than a month so I’m starting to wean and supplement because I’m pretty over this whole pumping shenanigan.    

I first started using the Pump In Style and after a few months decided to try the Medela Symphony – which I have been using for the last 9 months.  I find it far superior to the Pump In Style – quieter, more comfortable and it has a built in timer.  I also have been able to solve any clogged duct issues with one pump session, whereas with the PIS, I would have to work the clog out over the course of 1-2 days, pumping constantly, massages, hot showers, heating pads.  I’ve had to travel for work and taken the PIS with me because the Symphony is hard to travel with.  Sure thing…2 days into a work trip, the PIS gave me a clogged duct that I had to work on for the whole day vs literally one pump session with the Symphony and the clog is out.  So I would say that the number 1 improvement would be that personal pumps should have a better motor, more like that of the Symphony.  I also find the Symphony to be quieter and I get more milk in less time.  I went from pumping 45 mins per session on the PIS to pumping 30 mins with the Symphony and my milk supply increased by nearly 10 ounces a day…do the math on that when you are pumping 5 times a day!  

I would also say we need more flexibility with how and where we pump.  A major improvement could be made to the bottles themselves.  Something that could be easily hidden so kids aren’t grabbing the cords, something we could put under our shirt so we could be slightly more discreet. The ability to lay down would be, literally, life changing.  The bottles currently spill way too easily, if you lean too far in one direction or bump the bottle – so something spill proof.  I would also say an improvement could be made to make the pump more overall adaptable – something that goes from car adapter, to cordless to wall plug in so we have more flexibility where we use it.  

As long as we’re asking for the world on this thing, I also think that it should have a timer built into the unit.  I can’t tell you how many times I have fallen asleep pumping.  The Symphony automatically turns off after 30 minutes, but I have also woken up an hour and a half into a pump session with the PIS and milk everywhere!  The ability to set an automatic shut off at the pumpers discretion AND the ability to just set a timer on it to show how long you’ve been going…because we all end up using our phones but if I take a phone call, I can’t use the timer on my phone.  So a clock that shows the time, a timer you can set to auto shut off, and a timer that shows how much time passes seems like such an easy addition.  Even though it doesn’t impact the functionality of the device, it would make things a little easier.   

Can’t wait to see how this turns out!!
