I used both a Medela electric pump and an Ameda manual one. Based on both, here's what needs to improve:

1) So medical/institutional/cold/plasticky. This pump is supposed to be my helper and companion, in a way. Why can't it look more friendly or cool or something? I have to look at and interact with this thing several times a day for a long time, so why can't it be pleasant to work with and look at?

2) Really, Medela? The tiny white things that tear or get lost so easily -- and are the key to your $200+ pump working?

3) On the Ameda Isis, the breast shields or flanges or whatever were much more comfortable and more effective than the hard plastic Medela ones, because of a silicone cover that came in contact with the skin. But sometimes milk would leak between the cover and the actual shield.

4) Does the Medela Freestyle now allow truly effective hands-free pumping? I never had this one. I did have the special pumping bra and all that, but I was never able to do hands-free because I needed at least one hand to squeeze and hold the boob in place. The pump was less effective without that.

5) Likewise, the double pumping. I didn't trust the little feet Medela has to hold bottles in place, so I felt like there was too much risk of spilling if I tried to pump both at once -- also, the need to be hands-on prevented double pumping.

6) Look for any and every way that a bottle could become disconnected and spill, and fix that. This is the absolute worst thing when pumping. The Ameda manual pump was a big offender.

7) The manual pump also caused hand cramps and was squeaky -- and the Medela electric one was also super loud.

8) The Medela pump only works if you have the right size breast shields/flanges, and for many women, that's not the ones that come standard -- so then you're up-charged for having larger areolas. (Which, honestly, made me feel like, "Well, F you, Medela.") Medela assumes you will be in close contact with a lactation consultant. But many women buy the pump off the shelf at Target, find it painful and not very effective, and probably never realize it's because they need bigger breast shield/flange things. I learned this only the second time around, and then it was a much better experience. I think the pump should work on everyone right out of the package, without having to buy special things.

9) Nothing on the unit, the packaging, or the bottles should give a heavy-handed "breast is best" message. If you're pumping, chances are, you're already on board with this. If you need to supplement with formula (which I did, with my first child), you don't need Medela making you feel even worse. I used to do half-and-half bottles of pumped and formula, and it made me cry to see that "breast is best" message on the side of the Medela bottles I used for storage.