As someone who pumped for almost 2 years over 2 lactations and studied dairy science at Cornell....you all need to look at dairy cow equipment.  More efficient removal of milk will do 2 things - make it not suck because it goes fast and make it not suck because it will keep production up.  Poor/infrequent pumping causes production to decline over time reducing the babies ability to get all they need from Mom - increasing reliability on other sources, reducing length of months babies get breast milk.

Try these things:
Pump needs to have an inflation (liner).  See, the calf massages the milk out of the mother with the use of its tongue and soft palate, not just by sucking.   The suction in a milking machine not only pulsates but is within the inflation and between the inflation and the steel wall of the machine casing.  The pulsation allows the inflation to massage as well, not just SUCK.  The human machines do not have an inflation just suction that pulsates on and off .  To massage the nipple, with an inflation would result in more efficient removal of milk.   Currently there are silicone "liners" for pumps but those are for folks with nipples too narrow to get any suction on a standard form.  It does not provide that pulsating massage needed. 

Have greater suction and pulsation variability.  Current machines have some suction range but moms need (higher mostly) ranges in the amount of suction applied.  This may also help with a hands-free version as long as it's not uncomfortable.  Also, Moms with a big let-down won't bog the machine down and lose suction if they can control these factors more.  Or better yet, the machine is "smart" and starts at high suction high pulsation and then varies based on flow rate. 


Also saw other comments for hands free, timers/alarms, quieter pumps, easier clean up (yes, plastics that do not build up milk stone and are easily rinsed/cleaned or even a tiny CIP system for washing would be awesome) or etc.  I think these are all important convenience items but if the machine was more efficient and utilized what we know about milk production in other mammals, the other sucky factors would suck less.

Maire Ullrich
mru2@cornell.edu