As the founder of LATCH, I want women to see my products and feel inspired. I want mothers to head out the door carrying their LATCH handbag with the style, personality and confidence they bring to every other aspect of their lives, whether commuting to work or going out for a few hours with friends.

I am a proud mother of two kids, Gabriella, born in 2010 and Noah, born in 2012. I went back to work six months after having my first child and two weeks after having my second child. I needed to pump while at work in 2010 and again in 2012 and needed to carry my pump to and from work in downtown Boston on the subway and on busy city streets, passing hundreds of people every day. I have a fashion-forward husband and am blessed to have been gifted a number of designer handbags, which I would use to carry my personal belongings in along with my Medela pump bag. The Medela pump bag got a lot of attention on its own, but never in a good way. I'd get winks from moms who'd comment they'd "recognize that black bag anywhere" and questions from blissfully unaware coworkers about why I had two bags or why I was toting around "that ugly black bag".

As a new mom, I was sensitive enough already about breastfeeding in general and was fearful about casual onlookers being in on my secret. I realized I couldn't be the only one out there ashamed to be carrying around a breast pump bag that looked like a breast pump bag. But what else could I do?

Starting out, I knew I had an eye for design and craft and along with my husband, we disassembled the Medela bag. We looked at what worked and what didn't in terms of design and went over what aspects of my designer bags I loved and why and how they could be incorporated into a new pump bag that was more functional, better designed, and much better looking than what currently existed on the market. I learned how to turn an idea into a business along the way. My steadfast desire to help other new moms skip the embarrassment of toting these ugly black pump bags fueled my dedication to keep going even when I had self doubt.

Since their very first second of being born, my kids have been the center of my universe. I think all parents feel that same unconditional love that's unlike anything else you've ever experienced. The day I went back to work after maternity leave was one of the hardest days of my life. I worried about everything I'd be missing while I was without my child. But I quickly realized that the quality of the time I spent with my kids was what mattered most.

Today, I am lucky to have the confidence and pride to say I've nursed my two kids. Even with the stigma of having to carry the ugly pump bag to and from work so many times, I'm proud to have done it. Even luckier still, with twins due in August 2014, rest assured that I'll take LATCH with me and not ever worry again about toting a breast pump bag in shame – I'll even enjoy and appreciate a nod from other ladies looking chic with their LATCH bags.

And that's what LATCH wants to do for all new moms out there, because no one should feel ashamed to be carrying around a breast pump bag that looks like a breast pump bag. LATCH is a brand that provides products and resources that encourage women to be proud of nurturing their children and supporting their family.

LATCH knows the importance of a bag that's both beautiful and practical. For moms that are using a breast pump bag, LATCH not only supports what you do, but gives you a product that you'd be proud to use even if you weren't breastfeeding. We are working on a product launch.

All LATCH products are made of the finest materials using an all-natural process without the use of synthetic preservatives and we respect and embrace the value of sustainability and its effects on the environment.