Hi!  I was so excited to read the article about implementing changes to our outdated pump machines!  You see, my son could never latch and also has sever allergies thus leading to my pumping.  I have now been EXCLUSIVELY pumping for 15 months.  Thats right, my little man ONLY gets my milk and it's thanks to my machine we are able to maintain his diet!  So, you can understand my elation when someone wants to better the process and help aid in a more effective manner!  Now, I think you guys are on the right track; quieter motor, adequate flanges and parts, data syncing and collection, let down mechanisms, BUT as an EP'er, I can tell you there are some specific things I want out of a pump which you haven't listed: 

We EP'ers get A LOT of clogged ducts and mastitis due to the lack of stimulation on breast.  Flanges are tough to work around when trying to massage a rock hard clogged duct out.  How about soft, (gel like) massaging flanges?  I don't know how you would actually create this, but I would BUY it.  

HANDS FREE!  Oh man, when I learned I could attach a battery to my pump and throw it in a backpack--I was able to DOUBLE my housework because I didn't have to sit on the couch for 45 min attached to wall outlet! (Keep in mind, I had to BUY an additional bra to make this happen) But, it turns out--the eight batteries it takes to charge my pump only last for one, maybe two pumps.  I pump 5-6 times a day.  THAT'S RIGHT.  15 months in, and I'm still pumping 5-6 times a day at 45 min each pump.  

Speaking of those 5-6 pumps, some of those are in the middle of the night.  I hate my middle of the night pumps.  Flanges are not made to sit down and read a book, or lean back and type on a computer, or say LAY IN BED.  There are some flanges (pumpin' pals) that help with not having to sit STRAIGHT up while pumping, but at 3 am, I just want to lean back--nay--LAY down.  So, making a flange/pump that really considers how we as women are functioning would really be beneficial.  

Back to those multiple pumps per day, I have to constantly think, "When did I pump last?  Can I run to the store before I have to pump?  No, I can't go to dinner with my friends because I have to pump..."  These are all things that SUCK.  (Pun intended)  I wish I could pump whenever, wherever and not have to worry about hiding, covering up, being attached to a wall, leaning forward, holding my boobs, rubbing my boobs, and having to rule my day around my pump!  

These are just a few things off the top of my head, I really didn't expect to send this e mail, so excuse the grammar and rambling, but I just wanted to get this stuff out there!

Thanks for listening and I hope you guys really help us Momma's!