Hi-
I read about your project on Facebook,  and I do very much hope you're able to come up with some real, implement-able innovations for the breast pump!
I'm an architect and have been pumping for about two months for my new baby... And it could be SO much better!
Here are some of my thoughts on where you could improve.
1. There are way too many stupid little plastic parts to take apart and wash and put back together again! It adds 10 minutes to every pumping session, and if you're pumping at work, you already feel like you're pumping on borrowed time.
2. That said, the one plastic part that seems to be pretty good is the storage bottle- mainly because they are usually about the right size, and they seem to be interchangeable. I can screw any brand bottle onto my pump. That means I can use hand me down bottles from friends, and I love hand me down baby gear.
3. The pump sound is so stupid. I'm sure that's tricky to engineer away, but does Everyone have to hear that you're pumping?! Maybe an integrated white noise machine would help?
4. There has to be a way to combine suction with compression to milk the breast in the way that babies do. One thought: I have a flexishield aereola stimulator from Ameda... It's soft enough that you could massage your breast through the shield, if it didn't have to fit over the rigid plastic breast flange. Soft silicone flanges might work, if you can maintain the seal.
5. It's very useful to have a pump that you can switch between double and single pumping. The way they achieve this with the Ameda Purely Yours is pretty fiddly and kind of a pain.
6. Hands free! Hands free!
7. Rechargeable batteries, that charge when the pump is plugged in.
8. Please oh please oh please, don't make me lean forward the whole time! When I lean back the milk leaks out down my shirt. But my neck hurts from leaning forward the whole time, watching my painfully slow progress.
9. Is there a way to keep me from obsessing over how many ounces I've pumped? I need be relaxed, not anxious.

Good luck with the project- I hope to see some results soon!