Dear geniuses,

I sent you an email reading "subscribe" but really I wanted to write YOU ROCK and also I WANT IN! 
Really, really glad you are taking this on—it could make so many women's lives a little easier, less stressful, more do-able—and, of course, help their babies get more breastmilk, longer.

As I said to a colleague recently—pumping totally sucks, and is totally worth it. I am fervently committed to nursing my kids for at least a year and, I hope, well beyond. I'm also pretty sure I have the best job in the world, and it requires some separation from my baby, including a good bit of travel—some of it to places where refrigeration and sanitation can be challenges. So...pumping. 

I've pumped a bit with a hospital-grade pump (for my non-hospitalized baby, while I was in the hospital with his brother); for 18 months with a medela pump in style; for the last 7 months with a medela freestyle; with the Freemie, on and off; and on occasion with a manual single pump. I've pumped for two babies (my twin sons) and one baby (my new daughter) and two babies again (my daughter plus another baby whose mom's milk never really came in). I've pumped just to feed my baby and also to bring on labor, increase my supply, build up a freezer stock, and, ok, to get rid of some NYE champagne. I've hand-expressed milk (on vacation with a just-starting-solids baby who needed milk for his cereal, which I didn't think about when I decided not to bring a pump).  I've pumped in fantastic (clean comfortable dignified thoughtfully designed and carefully appointed) spaces, like the ones at the Gates Foundation offices in Seattle, and many....not so fantastic places, like airport bathrooms (in Haiti), back seats of taxi cabs, my car (while driving), other cars, supply closets, other closets, etc etc...the usual list. In short I am *completely* dependent on breast pumps and profoundly disappointed by how totally lame they are!  I am convinced they could be much quieter, more portable, easier to clean, more efficient, more comfortable, easier to use.  And I would be delighted to do whatever I can to contribute to that effort! 