My name is Karen and as a out-of-house working mom, I pumped for a total of 4 years across 3 kids.  I was incredibly fortunate to have supportive employers - THAT is one of the most important pieces of the pumping puzzle.  Some other ideas:

At work, I quite simply didn't have time to wash my pump.  So I'd pump, toss the equipment in a plastic bag, then pump again (3 times/day).  That's right, I didn't wash the equipment between pumps!  I washed the pump each night, but never sterilized.  I think there is a misconception that the equipment has to be perfectly cleaned and frequently sterilized.  This perception puts yet another expectation and worry on mom's shoulders.

I also hated pumping in airplane bathrooms and often dreamed of some privacy shade I could pull so I could pump in my seat.  Now, of course I understand it would require a massive cultural shift for this ever to be ok, but one can dream right?  (I HAVE pumped in the back of a taxi!!)

In the beginning, pumping can really hurt (as can nursing!)  It tugs in a painful way.  In many cases the flanges are too small, and moms don't realize it.  The pump should automatically be shipped with 2 sizes, not one.  It should also automatically be shipped with an adjustable hands-free bra.

Pumping doesn't empty the breast fully.  I had to use manual compression to get the last .5-1 oz out.  That is frustrating at work because you have to stop typing and tend to your pumping!  But, it's still tolerable.

The bags the pumps are shipped in are ugly and not well designed.  I took my pump out and put it in a nicer bag.  I don't think moms realize you can do that?!  Pumps shouldn't come with the annoying Velcro pieces to attach to the pump bag.  They should be self contained units that can be tossed into any bag, so imagine a tidy zipper compartment that fits both (ideally smaller!) pump and hoses, that has more of a "grab and go" feel.

Everything should be PVC-free and BPA-free!  The pump bag wreaked of vinyl and stunk up my office!

I don't have too high expectations for the mechanics of the pump.  It does a pretty a great job!  That said, I think a repackaging campaign could accomplish wonders.

I'm happy to participate in any pumping mom panels!  Karen Greenleaf, kikigreenleaf@gmail.com
