First THANK YOU (the kind that comes with the inappropriately forward hug)!  I am a breastfeeding working mom of a four month old.  I use an Ameda Purely Yours and a rented hospital grade Ameda, which I had to get because the Purely Your purrly sucks (or more to the point, doesn't really).

Second, can you make a pump and flange that works more like a baby's mouth?  I'm thinking soft and clingy with flexible "muscle."  I'm no engineer, but I imagine an inner core of flexible wire mesh with micro mechanical joints that would open and close in concert.  The outside might be neoprene and the inside some sort of gel (like an orthodic insole) that would cling to the skin of the breast and/or areola and would actually perform as well or better if slightly lubricated by saliva or breast milk (I have a ton of trouble with milk slipping out onto the flanges, which makes them not work).  Maybe it has some sort of gel pad with the same kind of mechanical mesh that would similate a baby's tongue.

It would be great too if the milk expressed from such a flange, could go directly into a tube that could be attached to various containers - a bottle, a bag, whatever to avoid the bottles hanging from your boobs look and get rid or those horrid filters that crap out after every other use.

What if all of these parts had micro sensors that could pinpoint problems?  Suction not strong on the left side?  Ding ding ding - diaphram has a hole, flange is misplaced, etc.

What if the pump was programmable and responsive to biofeedback from your body so the suction and speed did not have to be adjusted every time?

And for a totally wild fantasy idea, what if the whole pump could fit inside a bra snd be controlled through your phone?  The bra would attach to the breasts when it is put on and be made of an expansive fabric that accomodates a strong bag for containing milk.  The whole operation could happen discreetly under a woman's cothes and she could retrieve the storage bags and attach new ones quickly in the bathroom at her convenience.  She could activate the pump at any time, anywhere without a fuss or need for extreme privacy.

I hope these ideas help with the discussion and that someone better at science than me can biuld on them or just be inspired in a better direction.  Very best of luck with the hackathon!  I'll be following the progress!

Best wishes,
Mary Kirk Alves